Fix 'busbar logs' issue with dashes on application name (#44)
busbar-io/busbar-cli: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

> ## [1.9.4] - 2019-07-30

Reviewer: Please update the date to `2019-08-01` if you're planning on releasing these changes by EOD.

### Fix
- Fix busbar logs issue with dashes in the application name

### Remove
- Remove Busbar Server side application logs calls

### Refactor

> - Refactor busbar logs to work with the app id instead the pod/container name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactor busbar logs to work with the app ID instead of the pod/container name
```

# CHANGELOG

## [1.9.4] - 2019-07-30
### Fix

> - Fix 'busbar logs' issue with dashes on application name

Reviewer: Note that `busbar show` isn't written in quotes on line 9 below. Also see tiny fix below.

```suggestion
- Fix busbar logs issue with dashes in the application name
```
